# 0x00. AirBnB clone - The console

## Introduction

> The goal of the project is to create a data model that manages objects through the console/command interpreter.  

### Command Interpreter

The command interpreter will be used to store and "persist " objects to JSON files.  With the command interpreter, input command from the user will be executed and data generated by the user will be stored.  For example, the users, name, address, birthdate, and password to gain access to the website will be stored in the storage. Managing that information making it ready and available for the owner of the will assist the owner with creating promotions, generating vacation packages to increase business and increase then 

## Requirements:

Pep8

Python3

Ubuntu 
 



## Tasks involved in creating the project:

Creating a unit test for the files, classes, and functions

Writing a "BaseModel" class for all the common attributes/methods for other classes.

Include an instance with a dictionary representation.  
     
The process of serializing and deserializing instances to JSON will make the dictionaries more user-friendly. Converting that dictionary into a JSON string.  As a JSON string, the dictionary representation will be in a standard data structure which can be read by several programming languages as well as human readable.  

Example of the serialization deserialization flow: 
<class 'BaseModel'> -> to_dict() -> <class 'dict'> -> JSON dump -> <class 'str'> -> FILE -> <class 'str'> -> JSON load -> <class 'dict'> -> <class 'BaseModel'>

                 
## Usage & Testing

Usage
In interactive mode type ./console.py to start 

$ ./console.py
(hbnb) help

### Documented commands (type help <topic>):
========================================
EOF  help  quit

(hbnb) 
(hbnb) 
(hbnb) quit
$


In non-interactive mode at prompt enter  echo "help" | ./console.py:
$ echo "help" | ./console.py
(hbnb)

### Documented commands (type help <topic>):
========================================
EOF  help  quit
(hbnb) 
$
$ cat test_help
help
$
$ cat test_help | ./console.py
(hbnb)

### Documented commands (type help <topic>):
========================================
EOF  help  quit
(hbnb) 
$

Testing
Unittests are used to test the viability, validity, and consistency of the project.

## Installation

> Clone into your repository.

## Authors 

Jonathan Vasques jonathan.vasquez@holbertonschool.com
Mia L Morton mia.morton@holbertonschool.com